完成-颜色调暗 Model too bright in colour 
搁置-安卓调整 Disk is too monochromatic Rims too bright
完成-窗户反射 Windshield no reflection
完成-轮胎明显 Tyres not obvious 
-Headlamps materials too see through

一半_1、轮胎反射效果和后胎UV坐标调整
2、分离模型前脸金属材质
完成_3、dusk光照效果优化
完成_4、玻璃分界线
5、bloom减弱锯齿


连续折射
光线修正
轮胎shadow

后备箱动画：
      动画更快
      开箱进度条

UI：
      out slow （EastOut）

2021/9/6: 
      1.Rim Light incorrect  (fix)
      2.Warm Light
            Too hot along the front (fix)
            Saturation on the light, intensity too strong (fix)
            There should be some ‘blue’ on the hood & back in some angles (fix)
      3.Rear C-Pillar – some surfacing looks like it shouldn’t be there (need after Reduce the number of model faces)
      4.Highlight along rear fender & rear arch is not smooth, broken execution (need after Reduce the number of model faces)
      5.B-pillar plastic trim is obvious – make dark (fix)
      6.Chrome piece is very bright on bodyside when other elements are dark (fix)
      7.Vehicle appears to be different perspective relative to the elliptical disk (i.e. Front wheel lifts when rotating) (fix)

2021/9/22:
      Welcome/Farewell

      China team working on solution, plan to show demo next week
      .MOV file is the non-compressed version that suppliers should leverage as baseline
      For Farewell – TBC, but expect different to Welcome, possibly shorter, but still expect interaction with Door Deco ambient lighting.
      

      Contrast

      Send email with corrected Ergo assessment values to the team – Jeffrey Yao
      Grey Base value 2.0, Ergo should offer some options as the phone number value is not high purpose/prioritised info in vehicle. Investigate options – Jeffrey Yao
      Studio prefer to maintain the distinction in bridghtness/grey between caller ID (name) vs phone number
      

      Assets

      CDX707 HMI animations – Nico will cascade the 9/15 date to Fantasy to deliver
      747 Themes C/O 707, however as 747 is BEV, differences are RTTs, secondary gauge layer, range start, DAT placements. Cut assets available from Global HMI team. Lisa Gao
      747 Features – refer to separate email to Lisa Gao
      

      Vehicle Model - TS Kanzi team

      Ellipse:

      Appears to be leaning to the left. Should be horizontal in all cases. Check Focal length and camera angle
      Different colour, very subtle layers, with contrasting pink and blue background. Adjust according to reference picture
      

      Scale of the vehicle in Controller appears incorrect:

      Check gap to 4 cards on top and base persistent bar.
      Adjust according to reference picture provided
      

      Side by Side comparison:

            Frame 4, Fender to the Rear Surfacing. Check all cutlines. Front door to Rear door.
            Frame 314, Front Fender to Front Door highlights not flowing through
            Frame 27, 314, Rear Quarter Window has some material shade that shouldn’t be there. TS to check model after meeting
            Frame 299, B & C pillar glossiness lacking
            Frame 719, Light too hot on vehicle
            Frame 510, Top of hood light too hot
            Frame 448, Adjust Glow to the Chrome Front bar lower
            Frame 458, Weird shadows on the rear Door
            Frame 132, More red light on the Right side
            Frame 186, Stop light too illuminated, adjust to match LHS model
            Frame 594, Warm Light lacking on the Fender – check light height
            Frame 700, Bottom of the vehicle has a part floating / reflection – shouldn’t be there
            

            Other videos:

            Incoming Phone call – 500ms is preferred
            Call Exchange – add slight delay to the head icon (Doraemon) so it is chasing the disk when move to the left. For soft buttons coming in, bottom button should come first. For soft buttons moving out, bottom button should leave first
            Phone Selection Menu – 500ms preferred
            Device Change Drop down menu – 200ms preferred. Check with HMI team on the device speed calculate by window size option.      